### Hi there 👋

This text is a test of your patience!

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on** ... it changes all the time, and keeping this list up to date is a pipe dream (did you know that the idiom `pipe dream` originates from those that smoked opioids with pipes in the 1800s?)
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning** ... _more_ frontend stuff, serverless/edge, but also neural networks (LLM's), also hardware... rp2040 based things, esp32 things, rpi 4 things, home assistant, setting up some weird self-hosted & open-source voice assistant thing (mycroft)... and tomorrow it'll all be gone! (unless it ends up sticking)
- 👯 **I’m looking to collaborate on** ... I have no clue! (but I do love collaborating!). Mostly I want to do something that ends up mattering (to others), and that helps others do what they want.
- 🤔 **I’m looking for help with** ... finding the things that matter (more than other things that I already know matter, I'm full of biases, and sometimes A _thing_ comes along and you didn't even realise it was the _most important thing ever_ until you discovered it!). If you find one of these things, do tell!
- 💬 **Ask me about** ... my weird opinions on stuff I guess. They are what makes _me_ special. I have been described as weird before, and that's also what I'm subtly aiming for! We have the most wonderful ability to steer our thoughts to the 'weird and unusual', and I think it's important that we do that, if not then our brains are a terrible waste. When a pattern of thought is tied up with a nice bow, you reinforce that resolution to that thought. You even reinforce that _style_ of thinking to that pattern of thought. This is a potentially dangerous slippery slope that happens completely naturally! But why should we keep thinking 'weirdly' anyways? Will I not just be judged by my peers as "that weird guy"? and for what, a small chance of coming up with a novel idea? yes! A single novel idea is worth more than an infinite amount of pre-existing ones, the math checks out! Weird thinking is where the most novel and useful thoughts lie. Everyone comes up with the obvious and straightforward solution, and maybe it's also the agreed upon "best" solution for 99% of things. But it's also insufferably boring... Doesn't that just _feel_ wrong in your bones? (maybe even in your brain? :^)... I don't even know what tone of voice you're supposed to be reading this in... sorry about that) Maybe it's inefficient to take the long way around, and obviously you wouldn't take the longer route repeatedly over the shorter one if whatever it is you are doing is a repeatable event, but also (this part sounds really edgy, but just tank the psychic damage), if you zoom out far enough, most of our daily tasks tend to shrink into "busywork" in the "grand" scheme of "staying alive" anyways, so don't get too hung up on efficiency! Apply efficiency where it matters! Life should not be one of those. You're never _too busy_ for everything! If you are, you should ask yourself _why_ are you so busy all the time? Life was made to be quite resilient, and it should be able to cope with _merely existing_ even _before_ we gained our magnificent brains. So if you're overworked, something is not as it should be, and ontop of that it's now your most important task to (at least try to) fix it! ;) You _need_ to set aside time to be weird, and if you do, you get 10 Billion points of approval from me! (which is more than the current 7 billion or so negative points you would get from everyone else, assuming they give you -1 point each). Who am I writing this for again?
- 📫 **How to reach me:** find my contact info somewhere on juliannymark.com, it's a treasure hunt!
- ⚡ **Fun fact (not about me):** you can make a section like this one on your github profile by making a repository named after your account.
- ❓ **Bonus fun fact (this time it's about me):** ... I like to try and deep dive into peoples custom websites, and then try to learn a fair bit about how they speak, how they think, and try to absorb the best bits for myself! Actually... this just describes "browsing the web" so scratch that... I'll come up with a better fun fact...
